Life Quotes

1. “Not everything happens for a reason. Sometimes life just sucks.” 

2. “Maybe it is not the life that sucks. Maybe it is just the people you let in your life that suck.” 

3. “In life when horrible things happen, sometimes we have to laugh.”

4. “If you think your life sucks, it probably does. Do something about it.”

5. “What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.”

6. “Whenever life sucks remember you're going to die someday.”

7. “I believe pain is nature’s way of saying, you’re still alive, and life sucks.”

8. "If you have read all of the above quotes. Then you have enough life lessons you can safely ignore this one."


Brain Quotes

1. “Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.”

2. “We are all now connected by the Internet, like neurons in a giant brain.”

3. “Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.”


Death Quotes

1. “To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”

2. “I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.”

3. “The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”

4. “Death ends a life, not a relationship.”


Love Quotes

1. “Time and time again I have to pinch myself when I see you next to me. You are my dream come true.”

2. “If there’s any kind of magic in this world, it must be in the attempt of understanding someone, sharing something.”

3. “My soul will always find its way to yours because home is where the heart is.”

4. “You will always be the answer, when somebody asks me what I’m thinking about.”

5. “I know you think I'm crazy. Maybe that's because I am. About life, about this moment, about you.”


Soul Quotes

1. “The soul is the truth of who we are.”

2. “The soul always knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind.”

3. “Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.”